After the first two suspects. a third man
entered and locked the doors. right?
-Yeah.
-[Stiles] What happened next. Mr. Wilson?
He put a fucking gun to my head.
-I-- I had no choice.
-[dramatic music playing]
I opened the safe. The store owners
don't pay us enough for this bullshit.
Mariela and Elena will back me up.
-Wait. You work with the other managers?
-[Wilson] Mm-hm.
So all three stores
are owned by the same people.
Lenn and Paulina Petri
own all three stores.
And we all have the same security system.
That man. he hit the alarm.
and he told me to open the safe.
But my hands were shaking.
I-I was trying to go fast.
but I was so scared.
He got close to my ear. and he said…
-"Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast."
-Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast.
[intriguing music playing]
[Stiles] Now. who else spoke to you
during the robbery?
[exhales]
[Jormond] The crazy one.
He started yelling. "10.000 I do. cuh."
"On the set. Who wanna bet?"
Crazy-ass wanted us to gamble on
when he blew up that damn wall.
But he knew what he was doing. though.
He had no problem
setting up that bomb shit.
Like he'd done it before.
[cell phone buzzing]
-[Stiles] I should've rescheduled this.
-[Cruz] You love Candace. right?
Of course I love Candace.
but I also love my job.
I love my job too. and I'm divorced.
Thanks to joint custody.
I won't even see my son for Thanksgiving.
I'm your cautionary tale. bro.
The ghost of Thanksgiving future.
-For real. Stiles.
-I gotta go.
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[ominous music playing]
Tell Candace I said hi.
[Stiles] Don't brief Sealey
till I get back. All right?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Stiles] I'm here. I'm here.
I know. I hit traffic.
What's up. man?
Isaiah. what happened?
Candace says you left Noah on the street?
Nah. I had my radio off. But when we saw
the cruiser zoom past the restaurant.
Noah wanted to know what was going on.
You're seriously blaming Noah
for what you did?
I'm not blaming anybody. Candace.
I'm stating the facts.
Dad's right. I did ask him.
I wouldn't have heard the call-out
if you hadn't asked. I mean--
What was I supposed to do?
I called him an Uber.
Take him to an active crime scene?
You were supposed to eat lunch
with your son and bring him home. but--
[Wade] Candace.
Can we ask Noah how he feels?
[sighs]
Yes.
I wanted to hang out with you.
And you just booked it.
Okay. so what can your father do
to make it up to you?
I wanna see my grandfather.
No.
Noah. no. No.
It's not gonna happen.
I see Amos. That's it.
If you want to maintain your boundary.
why not compromise?
Take Noah to see him.
Supervise them.
Fine.
[Wade] Great.
Noah. could you give me a few minutes
to talk with your parents alone?
Yes. ma'am.
Thank you.
[Candace scoffs]
Now that we have addressed Noah's needs.
Candace. what do you need from Isaiah?
I need to feel like…
he's showing up for me.
Like we're on the same team.
Like we used to be.
And what does that look like for you?
Be specific.
I want Isaiah to attend
the Baldwin Hills Cares Gala with me.
But he needs to leave work at work.
No phone. no interruptions.
My job does not work that way.
I'm always on call. baby.
This gala is really important
to me. Isaiah.
I know it's not police work.
but it's my contribution to our community.
-The gala. it's honoring--
-Fine.
I'll go.
No phone.
And. Isaiah.
what do you need from Candace in return?
[pensive music playing]
I need…
to move back into my house
and sleep in my bed next to my wife.
[Candace exhales]
Candace. I understand your reluctance.
But Isaiah is trying.
And so am I.
And Isaiah's saying
that he'll attend the gala.
It is a step in the right direction.
but he needs to follow through
with his actions.
And then we can talk
about him moving back in.
And ending the separation.
[music fades out]
["On Your Face" playing]
♪ Ah. ooh-ah-ooh-ah. ooh-ah-oh… ♪
[Coltrane] My man.
[man] Good morning. Mr. Wilder.
♪ Shows on your face ♪
♪ And no matter how you try to hide… ♪
[Coltrane] Hey. sis.
Ella.
Can we keep this short?
I have a class to teach in 30 minutes.
Come into my office. please. Hey.
You know. as much as I appreciate
you paying Kyra's tuition.
you normally just put it in the mail.
I wanted to see you.
♪ Our luck run out
And the wind won't blow… ♪
Hi.
-[Coltrane] Good morning.
-Good morning.
[song fades]
So you in trouble? Is that why
you wanted to talk to me in person?
I'm not in trouble. I'm not.
I only. uh. wanted to ask if you and Kyra
are coming to Thanksgiving.
That's a text or a phone call.
-You sure you don't need an alibi?
-Seriously?
I haven't needed an alibi in years.
I've changed. Ella.
[Ella scoffs]
In fact. I'm this close to getting out.
Mmm. That's what Daddy always said.
Then he got himself arrested.
Look around. Ella.
I'm not Daddy.
This is bullshit. 'Trane.
At least he was honest
about being a thief.
You still carry around his journal
like a preacher carries a Bible.
-You still mad he left it to me?
-Please.
I wish I could forget his sayings.
his philosophies.
Nah. that journal is in the right hands.
I fell into a bottle
because of what's written in there.
while you happily drank the Kool-Aid.
I know how you really make your money.
My part is. I take it anyway.
[Coltrane clears throat]
Look. uh.
there may be a small chance that police
may approach you with questions about me.
And there it is.
-I said a very small--
-Don't.
Don't worry about it.
Daddy taught me better
than to say shit to the police.
[tense music playing]
Now. how does Ebony feel
about the cops sniffing around?
She doesn't know.
She doesn't need to know.
Ebony hasn't been
the same person since Zahir.
If you'd bother to visit her
after we lost him.
you would already know that.
Here's your money.
[sighs]
Goodbye. Coltrane.
Coltrane says not to worry. He's got it.
He's got it.
but they were all over the news?
[scoffs]
He better say they shot those guards
'cause they had to.
They had to.
Say more.
I'm telling you this as my sister
and because I'm concerned.
but you cannot tell Coltrane
that we talked.
So.
he told you about Deon stealing the watch
from the Halloween job. right?
[ominous music playing]
I wasn't thrilled. to say the least.
Well. 'Trane said
that Deon got distracted.
and that's what gave the security guards
time to pull their weapons.
At that point.
the crew didn't have a choice.
And what's Coltrane gonna do about Deon?
[exhales] I don't know. Whatever he does.
it's gotta keep him safe at home with me.
You're not gonna
say anything to him. right?
Not a word.
I gotta go.
I gotta write up a menu
for my charity gala.
-I'll call you later.
-Okay. Bye.
[tense music playing]
[door opens. closes]
[sighs]
[line dialing]
-[Tanya] Hello?
-Tanya. Yeah. you talk to Bianca?
She make it out of town?
Did you notice anything specific
about the suspects. Miss Douglas?
Yeah. I noticed when they shot the guy
with the gun and the security guard.
I almost fucking shat myself.
I told you. I didn't see anything.
They had their faces covered.
They went in the back
with the manager lady.
they shot the security guys. and ran.
[tense music playing]
How did you know she was a manager?
She said they didn't ask.
They blew up the wall and went to her.
Like they already knew who she was.
I've been to the store before.
When?
Why are you wasting my time
asking these questions?
Obviously. I didn't take anything.
Can I go now?
Sign your statement and go.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[door opens. closes]
[indistinct chatter]
-What's up?
-Hey.
How'd it go?
Uh…
Gotta go to some
fucking adult prom bullshit.
and Noah wants to see my dad.
And then maybe
I can move back into my house.
where I pay the mortgage.
I might have some good news. A lead.
Here. see?
Bianca Douglas is looking at the officers.
not the perp. like everyone else.
I think we should talk to her again.
That guy was running point
with the store managers.
He looks about six feet.
"Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast."
You see that?
That perp was clocking the TV.
Is that sports news?
He set explosives on the wall and asked
if anyone wanted to place bets on it.
You think there's a connection to the TV?
-He got distracted by it.
-Stiles.
Are you listening to me?
Did you see Bianca?
She warned them he had a gun.
-I think she could be a plant.
-Footage alone won't prove that.
Okay. Well. Bianca left her prints
on her statement form. so I ran them.
Meet Anna Kate Walachek.
Solicitation.
Possession. Possession with intent.
Solicitation again.
Now. three years ago.
she changed her name to Bianca Douglas.
and miraculously. turned clean overnight.
Bullshit.
-You think she's part of the crew?
-I think we need to find out.
[Sealey] I know. Fred. I know.
I'm on top of it.
Goddamn it. Stiles!
The deputy chief wants me
to wrap this case up quick.
thanks to that little
press conference of yours.
I can do that. but I need resources.
A task force.
-I want the Halloween case.
-Not this shit again!
Hear me out.
Cruz thinks there was a woman helping
the perps from inside the jewelry stores.
I looked at the footage
you gave me from Halloween.
Did you notice that there's
five full minutes missing? Did Viggiano?
The security cameras clicked off at 11:47
and came back on at 11:52.
But before that.
our watch complainant. Harvey Swanson…
Mm-hmm.
…isn't anywhere on that footage
for a full 45 minutes.
The last time we see him is here.
Where are they going?
At this point in the evening.
Harvey's still wearing his Patek.
The one from the police report.
-And this woman. look at her hand.
-[Cruz] Gotta be five carats. easy.
If the robbery happened
while cameras were down.
it happened while Harvey and his friends
were in the room.
And if they took Harvey's watch…
-They took that girl's ring.
-Except we have no police report.
No statement from her.
And I looked through Viggiano's notes.
She wasn't even there
when Harvey gave his statement.
You're telling me her engagement ring
was stolen. and she didn't even report it?
-Why would she just disappear like that?
-Because she's a plant too.
I told you. It's not the targets
that's the same. it's the method.
If you're wrong. it's a waste of time.
If I'm right. it gives us a better shot
at closing both investigations.
You get that deputy chief off your ass.
and you get to retire in style. Mm?
[exhales]
All right. for the task force.
I want Mitchell.
-Uribe.
-Washington.
I pick the task force.
If you want the Halloween case.
you keep Viggiano and Harper…
-Fuck Viggiano.
-My squad. my rules.
-Get the fuck out!
-[Stiles] Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
So you had
over 100 rich motherfuckers in this place.
and you're the only person
that got robbed?
I'm not the only person.
You're the only one who filed a report.
but you waited an hour to call us.
-Whoa. how did you know that?
-Time stamps don't lie. Harvey.
You got hit right before midnight
and waited until 1:00 a.m. to call 911.
Maybe there was something in this room
you didn't want us to know about?
[Stiles] Something to clean up
before we got here.
I think you threw a private high-stakes
poker game here. and you got hit hard.
I need to… call my lawyer.
[Stiles] Uh-uh.
I'm not interested in your loser friends.
I just wanna know about this girl.
Who is she?
[scoffs] That's Julia. She's been
a regular for a couple months now.
[Stiles] Go ahead. tell me what happened.
Look. we're back here playing.
Then four dudes
dressed like 1930s gangsters
bust into the room with guns.
And they take your… your watch.
-Like I said in the report.
-All right. fuck it.
-What about Julia? What does she do?
-They're waving guns in everybody's face.
I go to reach for my piece.
which is licensed.
Then she screams. "What are you doing?"
Then the big guy puts his gun to my head.
You think she was warning him
that you had a gun?
-You think she knew them?
-I think she set you up.
Who was in charge?
Uh. the smart one.
He said. uh. his intent was malicious.
[chuckles] I don't know any Black people
who talk like that.
How many Black people do you know. Harvey?
-Uh-- Fair point.
-You want me to introduce you to some?
Oh. Well. three of them were Black.
and one was. uh. Asian.
Okay. um. is there anything else
that you remember
that can help us get your watch back?
Oh. The one wearing
the black-and-white wing tips.
one of the Blacks.
he recognized the Patek.
He grabs it. and he says.
"This mine's. cuh. It's my C-Day."
Now. what the fuck is a "C-Day"?
He said. "cuh" and "C-Day"?
You're absolutely sure?
Yeah. why would I make that up?
[ominous music playing]
Yo. yo. Ika.
Uce. what up?
Need your help with a suspect in my case.
He's out here calling people "cuh."
talking about his C-Day.
You know what I mean. Hit me back.
[Choi] Yo. your breath
is clouding up the diamond.
-[Deon] Fuck you.
-Chill. man.
Hey. this nigga on the news
talking about us.
I know I've seen him.
but I don't know from where.
Isaiah Stiles.
The weed distro a couple years back.
Don't worry about him.
Soon as we offload the diamonds.
we're good. No diamonds. no Stiles.
[tense music playing]
There's one loose end. though.
Deon keeps putting us on a razor's edge.
[speaking indistinctly]
Deon got distracted. bro.
It could've been any of us.
But it wasn't. First the watch.
and now this. That's strike two. man.
Look. with Stiles
and the LAPD on the hunt.
we can't afford any fuck-ups.
or it's a wrap on all of us.
If you say you got me.
you can't let Deon slide on this one. bro.
All right. look.
I'll tax his cut from the score.
Maybe that'll get through
since bruh is so pressed for paper.
Bet. I'm gonna go get us paid.
What we looking like. Choi?
Call these bitches Sydney Sweeney.
'cause they all-natural.
No serial numbers.
Cleaner than Marie Kondo.
Oh shit. we about to be lit.
[Deon laughs]
They didn't take anything at all.
Every diamond. ruby. emerald.
everything in our inventory
is accounted for.
See for yourself.
[tense music playing]
You want me to believe three masked.
armed men broke into your stores.
blew up the fucking walls. killed two men.
but left without a damn thing?
Whatever you're hiding. I'm gonna find it.
So I'm asking you. last time now.
what did they steal?
-If we could tell you--
-Nothing. They stole nothing at all.
[door opens]
They're lying.
[music fades]
Yeah. I agree. But who the hell are you?
Dave Cerullo.
Just transferred here.
16 years' Grand Larceny/Major Case. NYPD.
Captain Sealey assigned me
to your robbery crew task force.
Cerullo. why do you think they're lying?
As soon as you applied pressure.
she stopped him from squealing.
She's the one with the cojones.
I think they were afraid. And not of us.
Detective 1. Jamel Brinkley.
Nice to meet you. sir.
Nope.
[door opens]
-You wanted a team. I gave you a team.
-Ah-ah. No. No.
I am not babysitting that kid. Jimmy.
That "kid" has studied
every case you've ever closed.
He's a fan of yours.
Golden Retrievers like everybody.
I know this is the first time
since Manny Shaw
that you've been assigned a trainee.
-[knocking on door]
-Sorry to interrupt.
I was gonna tell you
before you left the room
that in my experience.
stores like that. back-to-back.
without consistent inventory.
usually fronts.
operated by organized crime.
I did some checking. made a call.
On paper. the Petris own those stores.
But their checks trace back to a company
owned by two Persian gangsters.
Farid and Amin.
Hope it's okay
I sent the uniform out to bring them in.
Goddamn right it's okay.
So what if we're the real owners?
That's not a crime.
The Petris earn a percentage
for their trouble.
You call threatening them.
their kids. their lives. a percentage?
Like they said. nothing was stolen. okay?
Maybe you don't wanna cooperate
because you were involved in the robbery.
[Farid chuckles]
We can charge you
with conspiracy to murder
for the dead officer and guard.
What is that. Cerullo?
25 to life. Lieutenant.
[in Farsi] He is bullshitting.
-[in English] You… You can't.
-[Stiles] Watch me.
[Farid in Farsi] Be quiet.
They're bluffing.
[in English] Amin. if I were you.
I'd be wondering
why your partner over here
is willing to let you go down
for two murders.
[Farid scoffs]
Each safe had a velvet burgundy bag
filled with untraceable diamonds.
-Headed to a black market auction.
-Amin!
[in Farsi] Shut up!
Admitting to trafficking stolen diamonds
will get us arrested anyway!
But it wouldn't be for murder.
This was your idea in the first place!
I'm not going to jail for you!
[in English] I wanna speak to my lawyer.
Amin. three velvet bags of diamonds.
Who else knew about it?
Lenn and Paulina are both sloppy. okay?
Any of the people they hired
could have found what's in there.
-Doesn't mean we fucking did it.
-[cell phone rings]
Cerullo. take their statements.
Ika. got something for me. uce?
[Farid speaks in Farsi]
[in English] Hey! Shut the fuck up!
[Charlie] Thought you were
my best team. Coltrane. The fuck happened?
The undercover security pulled a gun.
We had no choice but to shoot.
I know it's messy.
but I have it under control.
And?
You gonna tell me about Deon and how
he's the reason that undercover pulled?
[tense music playing]
How you know about that?
Bianca.
Look. Deon will be heavily taxed
for his mistake.
And that'll get his head in the game
for the next job.
You can't guarantee
that Deon won't fuck up again.
And if he gets caught. you get caught.
You gonna handle him?
Deon is under control.
And he'll be more under control
once we get paid.
As soon as those bodies hit the floor.
those diamonds became radioactive.
You wanna get paid?
You and your crew are gonna do
the exchange with the buyer tomorrow.
We never meet the client.
You're never on the news. either.
-[door opens. closes]
-[line dialing]
Charlie. we still on for tomorrow?
My boys are gonna do the handoff.
but I need a favor.
[tense music continues]
I need that one dead.
The rest must leave alive and unharmed.
No mistakes. Farid.
I'll do it.
For a price.
As long as you get it done.
[tense music intensifies]
[music fades]
-Yo.
-[Stiles] Uh-oh. Here comes trouble.
Look who came up in the world.
[laughing] Ika.
My man.
I got that thing you needed. uce.
My nigga. Yeah.
What's up with my perp. though?
[exhales] Ooh.
-Yeah. that's nice. right?
-I looked at the leads you sent me.
Perp sounds affiliated
with our friends in blue.
And I think you're onto something
with the gambling.
How so?
[Ika clears throat]
I'm working on a major gang injunction
against a specific set.
Target's a high-level member
running a major gambling operation.
Baby Plus One.
You think that my perp placed a bet
on Baby Plus One's books?
-Biggest blue bookie out right now.
-Okay.
Took me a long fucking time.
but I flipped his right-hand man.
TyTy. as a CI.
So it's possible that this TyTy.
he knows my perp directly.
and he can ID him?
Yeah.
Look. I can bring him in.
You can take his statement.
-Should take me a few days. though.
-No. I need to talk to your snitch today.
TyTy's way too important
to my gang injunction.
It's just a few days.
[cell phone buzzes]
Looks like you got shit to do
in the meantime.
[hip-hop music playing over car stereo]
[music stops]
[doorbell rings]
[Amos] Well. lookie here.
It's the police.
-What's up. Grandpa?
-Noah! What's up. boy?
-[Noah] What's up?
-What's up?
-Yeah!
-[Noah chuckles]
Ain't this a surprise?
He wanted to see you.
Smell like a burnt Black & Mild.
[R&B music playing over stereo]
Been a while. little man. How you doing?
I'm okay. I guess.
-Okay. You got a girl or two yet?
-[Noah chuckles]
[Noah] Well. it's this one girl.
Her name's Jenae.
She's in my geometry class.
Okay. Tell me about her.
What does she look like?
She got them wavy baby hair?
-She got the wavy baby hair.
-[Amos laughs]
-She's cute. funny.
-[cell phone rings]
Hey. I gotta take this.
Yo.
[Cruz] I got the address for the banger
you wanted me to look into.
Tyrell Reynolds. aka TyTy.
He's staying with his girlfriend Portia
while he's on parole.
Not sure why they let him out.
He's got multiple felonies.
including possession. grand theft. and…
This one's fun.
Assault with a deadly weapon.
How'd you find TyTy again?
Got friends in the gang unit. Cruz.
Text me his mugshot and address.
You got it.
I'll get TyTy to play ball.
Dad thinks you tried to get me high
three years ago.
Never told him it was me who found
a clip of your blunt at Christmas.
And you didn't give it to me.
-Why didn't you tell him?
-I don't snitch. little man.
Let alone on my own grandson.
Never.
[chuckles]
What's that?
This is… what's left of the old days.
I founded my own set. you know.
Most of 'em are long gone.
Dead or in jail.
My man Rambo sent this to me
the week he got the chair.
"Yo. Nightmare."
"Nightmare." That's you?
Noah. work came up.
Gotta drop you back at home. We gotta go.
Now.
All right.
Bye. Grandpa.
[Amos] Hey. hold up.
-When do I get to see my grandson again?
-[tense music playing]
This was a one-time thing.
Happy Thanksgiving. Amos.
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
[unsettling music playing]
-Fuck. man!
-Oh. whoa.
Sit down. nigga. Give me this shit.
[laughs]
Carrying a firearm violates your parole
and cooperation agreement
with a big Samoan friend of ours.
But I'm feeling generous today.
If you tell me what I need to know.
-Nigga. don't you need a warrant?
-This is my warrant.
Fuck!
Man I'm looking for.
he's affiliated with your set.
Likes playing big money.
I'm talking tens of Gs.
Might be flexing a new Patek Philippe
or trying to get rid of one.
Put money on Baby Plus One's books
about a week ago.
Warriors beat the Clippers that day.
-We got a little action on the Warriors.
-Okay.
[exhales] Only one fool's stupid enough
to put big money on the Clippers.
Deon.
Dumbass nigga.
Cuh needs some help for real.
I ain't know his government.
But I know where he stay.
[Stiles] Okay.
We don't usually do this shit.
Drop off directly to the buyer?
We don't drop unplanned bodies either.
Shit can't happen again.
Facts.
-How do you think he'll take it?
-Don't care.
Hey. D. let me holla at you for a second.
'Cause you slipped on the job.
we taxing your cut on these diamonds.
What? Nah. nephew. Fuck out of here.
You lost focus. D.
You almost got shot. bruh.
You handled it. though.
But this reprimanding bullshit.
this 'Trane. ain't it?
Nah. it's all of us. Choi too.
Now. we gonna follow protocol on this.
We owe that to each other.
I don't owe nobody.
Especially not that nigga 'Trane.
He weird as fuck.
I don't care if that is your boy.
He don't pay me
the same respect he pay you.
Hey. look. Unc.
I'm gonna tell you this shit one time.
so I need you to hear me.
You fuck up again. and you out.
And that's my call. Not 'Trane.
[tense music playing]
[cocks gun]
[Stiles] Gideon Deon Davis.
Deon joined the neighborhood set.
racking up a long juvie record.
-Then served in the Army.
-That explains his demolition expertise.
Enlisted at 18 years old
through a diversion program. but--
He got a big chicken dinner
for gambling three years in. Figures.
-I'm sorry. What does that mean?
-Bad conduct discharge. kid.
Then Deon took a job at a nightclub.
His nephew. Darren Stroman.
happened to get arrested for manslaughter
and attempted robbery at that nightclub.
Ah. so Stroman does a stint at Lancaster.
-Couldn't prove Deon was involved.
-But of course he was.
Probably. but Stroman kept his mouth shut.
did the time alone.
Here's Deon's known associates.
I remember Harvey said
there was one man in charge.
Just like on the surveillance footage
from the three stores.
One guy calling the shots.
Now. my gut says that Deon and Stroman.
they're on the board.
but they're just soldiers.
Harvey mentioned there was an Asian guy.
I don't see an Asian guy up there.
Deon's IG shows him hanging
with a Korean guy named Chris Choi.
[Cerullo] Looks like
they grew up together.
Oh! Choi's got a juvie record.
[Brinkley] They were enlisted
around the same time.
Choi worked reconnaissance.
And he's a sniper.
Nah. hold up.
Look. we need a more concrete connection.
I'mma holler at Sealey.
We'll call up the warden at Lancaster.
find more background on Stroman.
Because we have to find these guys
before they sell those diamonds.
["The Edge" playing]
[song ends]
So. you're the motherfucker
all over the news. huh?
[laughs]
Would you like your product or no?
First things first.
[in Farsi] Pat him down.
[in English] Fuck that. We give up ours.
You should too. cuh.
You're the one who fucked up this job.
Think twice before telling us what to do.
Hey. give up your piece. D.
You too. Choi.
Good. Now that we have that
out of the way. your payment.
[in Farsi] Give it to him.
[in English] Yeah. Your diamonds.
[henchman] Got 'em.
Good.
[ominous music playing]
[gunshot]
[intense music playing]
[grunting]
[gunshot]
Fuckers.
-Hey. hold this. cuzzo.
-Thank you.
What the fuck? This motherfucker tried
to merk us and shorted us a mil. bruh.
Cuh. cuh. cuh. if we light on bread.
we should sell the diamonds.
Leave it. Cops will see this
and think it's a deal gone sideways.
All right. y'all. let's go.
Stro. Yung. come on.
[engine starts]
[dramatic music playing]
[helicopter blades whirring]
Four bodies equals four robbers.
including one suspect. Farid.
who had motive. and you already
questioned him with Cerullo.
The velvet bags match Amin's description.
We'll bring him in
to confirm the bags and diamonds.
Farid may have double-crossed Amin.
but looking at the position of the bodies.
his men double-crossed him
and then each other.
And these thugs had a sniper on payroll?
It's too neat.
These guys don't match Harvey's
perp description from the poker heist.
Perps from the jewelry store were
all wearing masks. and showing no skin.
-Maybe it was a different group.
-It's the same guys.
It's the same crew.
I know how they fucking operate.
You can't just wrap this up
with a neat fucking bow.
Sealey ordered us to close this case.
Look around. It's closed.
[tense music playing]
Gideon Davis.
-Deon is still a lead.
-So is Anna Kate Walachek.
But this case is closed.
You know Sealey won't care.
So because this is over.
you stop being a cop?
[Cruz] Motherfucker. you know what?
[Cerullo] Come on.
I know I'm new to this.
but I agree with you. Lieutenant.
This feels off.
I'd like to hear more
of what you're thinking.
-You got plans for Thanksgiving?
-No.
You do now.
For real?
[ominous music playing]
[Coltrane] Farid tried to kill us
and was short a million dollars.
We put Farid down.
and his boys are done too.
I left the diamonds
and the guns with the bodies.
all wrapped up in a nice red bow for LAPD.
No loose ends.
Talk to you later.
[doorbell rings]
What are you doing here?
I thought you were going to St. Bart's.
I thought you understood
you had to leave after the jewelry store.
Imagine my surprise
when I find out you were at LAPD.
They ran your prints. Anna Kate.
Don't think I've seen your place yet.
You mind if I come in?
[music fades]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[Sealey] Mm! Smells good in here. gents.
Ha. ha!
Wait a minute. Is that government cheese?
My secret ingredient.
-Ika from gang unit hooked me up.
-[scoffs]
I always liked Ika.
-Till now.
-[Stiles laughs]
Come on. Jimmy. No. get off the stove.
You need to put
some neck bone stock up in there.
Warden Knight up in Lancaster
called me back.
He's in town for the holiday.
and he's willing to meet you downtown.
But… you don't need to go now. right?
The jewelry heist was solved last night.
I could ask him a few questions.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[upbeat R&B music playing over stereo]
Nah. it can wait.
Noah. give me the pan. Come on.
Thanksgiving is not the holiday
to try to go healthy.
Jimmy. you can cook next year.
Mm! Ebony put
her fucking foot in these. cuh.
I need to find one like her.
Fine as hell and can cook too? Shit.
Bruh. you already got two women.
How many more you need?
-Man-- You're right. You're right.
-See. Choi ain't even got one.
-Man.
-[Deon] Ahh!
It's cool. man. Just playing.
Hey. man. So. when's our next job?
I'm telling y'all
we should flock a superyacht.
That shit ain't never been done.
[Stro] Bruh. the closest you been
to the ocean is the Red Lobster
in Inglewood off Century.
[Charlie] Happy Thanksgiving. 'Trane.
-[Coltrane] Happy Thanksgiving.
-[Charlie] Hey.
You guys remember Charlotte?
Ebony's sister.
I see looks run in the family.
-[Deon] What's up?
-What y'all talking about? Mm?
-Y'all going on a yacht?
-Just a little boys' trip.
Ah. so I guess I'm not invited. Mm?
You here with anybody?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah. I'll be back. y'all.
["Never Too Much" playing]
[Sealey] Oh yeah!
-That's what I'm talking about.
-[whoops]
-[man speaking indistinctly on TV]
-Hey.
Dad. remember the cardiologist
told you no more meat.
Yeah. baby. but brisket doesn't count.
You see? You see what I have
to deal with. Candy? Ugh!
Come on. now.
Now. Noah. when your father played at USC.
he was faster
than this sorry excuse for a running back.
[chuckles] Nah. For real?
-[Sealey] That's what I'm talking about.
-All right.
[Stiles] Put the mashed potatoes
with the gravy.
Looks good.
Not the only thing that looks good.
-Oh. yeah?
-[Stiles] Where you going?
I'm just over here.
Right there.
♪ There's not a minute. hour. day or night
That I don't love you ♪
♪ You're at the top of my list
'Cause I'm always thinking of you ♪
[doorbell rings]
♪ I still remember in the days
When I was scared to touch you ♪
♪ How I spent my day dreaming. planning
How to say I… ♪
♪ You must have known
That I had feelings deep enough… ♪
Amos. why are you here?
Little man invited me. [laughs]
-Grandpa! You made it just in time.
-Ah! Yes. sir! [laughs]
[Sealey] Amos!
Dinner's almost ready. uh.
let's grab a drink on the back porch.
Jimmy.
[laughs]
["I'll Be Around" playing]
[Amos] What's happening. bro?
This motherfucker.
Noah invited him here behind my back.
Okay. okay. okay.
Noah's just missing his grandfather.
Please don't ruin Thanksgiving.
It's time for you
to bury the hatchet with Amos.
For Noah. for yourself.
Last time we saw each other.
I was putting you in handcuffs.
-I remember.
-Hm.
And every day after that.
I've had time to…
think about what I wanna say to you.
Thank you.
Isaiah needed someone
to teach him to be a man.
Better man than me. that's for sure.
Being that boy's father ain't over yet.
You still got things to teach him.
Bullshit. When he put on the badge.
he chose not to be like me.
[exhales sharply]
Isaiah's more like you than you think.
He may not land in jail.
but his decisions will cost him
his family just the same.
-Here comes this corny nigga right now.
-Okay. Stop it. Come on.
[doorbell rings]
There's more in the fridge.
Let me just get the door.
Ella.
I thought you weren't coming.
Where's Kyra?
She's at a friend's. and I'm not staying.
Oh.
This is my amends for not showing up
after your miscarriage.
I'm sorry.
Honestly. I stayed away
because I didn't trust myself
not to say what was on my mind.
Whatever it was. you can say it to me now.
[Ella clears throat]
Losing the baby
might have been for the best.
[tense music playing]
Bringing another life
into the type of childhood
my brothers and I had is wrong.
You know what's wrong. Ella?
Is you thinking that after seven months
without so much as a phone call.
you have the right to judge 'Trane and I
after losing our son. your nephew.
But since you're so concerned.
it would have been like my childhood.
'Trane is leaving the life.
like my father did.
He tell you that he warned me that cops
might come around asking questions?
[Ella scoffs]
Something go wrong recently. Ebony?
[scoffs] There's nothing to worry about.
Coltrane already told me.
Sure he did.
Happy Thanksgiving.
[exhales]
["Rock Steady" playing]
Isaiah. this tastes
just like your mom's cooking.
Gail?
You looking fine for your age. girl.
[Amos laughs]
No disrespect. Otis.
I know that's your woman.
She look good. though.
You know who you look like?
Where's this going. Candy?
Heather Hunter!
-[Amos laughs]
-[Otis coughs]
[Otis coughs]
-Who is she?
-Ooh. Mm-mm.
-Give me that. Let's go.
-Oh.
Hey. Grandpa. what was LA like
when you were younger?
Little man. let me tell you.
it's not like you see here.
The city changed.
[Noah] Even up here?
No. up here always been bougie.
Even before the white folk left.
I'm talking about the flats
where I raised your pops. little man.
I saw them tear down homes
to put up freeways in our neighborhoods.
Shit's been crazy. Little Nightmare.
That is not his name.
You do not say that name in my house.
It was a mistake. Isaiah.
But I saw you.
You was just waiting for me to mess up.
Because I know you.
You been fucking up my whole life.
You fucked up our family.
I know.
But I'm man enough to say it.
You keep blaming everybody else.
but now you fucking up
your own family just like me.
Get the fuck out of my house!
You don't have to tell me twice.
Officer.
Uh… Hey.
You have the audacity
to lecture me about fatherhood!
Like you know how to be a dad.
Grandpa's right.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You invited this motherfucker?
-Hey. what the fuck are you doing?
-Fuck you!
-Noah!
-You ungrateful little--
-Oh my God.
-Candy. where did you put our coats?
-Mom. wait.
-[Otis] No. we're going.
-Dad.
-We're leaving.
-Thank you.
-Yeah. All right. Otis.
Uh. Sealey. call Warden Knight.
tell them to meet me downtown.
Brinkley. are you riding or not?
-You better not.
-Candace.
Oh no. you are not leaving me
after that Stiles family shit show!
Isaiah.
Isaiah! Do not walk away from me!
[door closes]
You know where they keep the foil?
[Cruz] Yo. Stiles. pick up.
I'm headed to Bianca's.
Something doesn't feel right.
-[banging on door]
-Bianca. it's Detective Cruz.
Anna Kate.
[suspenseful music playing]
Your front door's unlocked.
It's Detective Cruz!
I've got a few more questions for you.
Shit.
[music turns ominous]
Fuck!
[ominous music continues]
[knocking on door]
Little man.
-Where's your dad at?
-You think I give a fuck?
Can I come in?
[music fades]
[gentle romantic music playing]
Ella stopped by.
-She didn't come inside?
-[scoffs]
What'd she say?
Why'd you tell her about cops and not me?
It's not our protocol.
You told Charlie what I told you
about Deon. It's not our protocol either.
She's my sister. She's part
of our double life. Ella is not.
You wanted to be out. Ebony.
Following your rules.
Yes. I've changed. okay?
But it doesn't make me weak.
I just know what it feels like to lose
the most important thing in my life.
Listen.
So do I.
That's why you have to trust me. okay?
I told Ella 'cause she's not in our lives.
I owe her and Kyra that much.
but I already took care
of the police problem.
There should be no heat on us from now on.
Totally good.
Totally?
100%. You making fun
of the way I say totally?
-No.
-Hey. yo. 'Trane.
Nigga. I thought you left.
I gotta show you something. bruh.
This is TyTy talking about Deon
to that detective. Isaiah Stiles.
-Wait. what'd he say?
-I don't know.
Baby Plus One sent me the video.
He said they got TyTy hemmed up
at a spot on the east side right now.
They started working that nigga over.
So you know what that means.
Tell them to keep him alive.
We'll make it worth their while.
[Stro] I got my shit in the car.
[dramatic hip-hop music playing]
I appreciate you on this shit. for real.
You did me a solid back in the day.
I ain't finna let no snitch-ass nigga
tell on me or your baby uncle.
Come on. man.
[music continues over speakers]
-[music stops]
-Bitch-ass nigga.
What you looking at?
[tense music playing]
[Stro] Good looking out.
Appreciate that. loc.
This the little homie who shot the video.
Come here. little nigga.
I need you to delete that video
and delete the trash.
Let me see your phone when you're done.
Hurry up.
Yeah.
Take it.
I'm gonna need the room.
Say less.
Come on.
Pussy.
[exhales]
[door closes]
[Coltrane exhales]
[exhales]
How old are you. man?
You like 25. 26?
You old enough
to know how the streets work.
All this is just the beginning.
They got a table full of shit they about
to stick in you anywhere and everywhere.
-You don't get it.
-No. man. I do.
I do.
You got a family.
Right? Grandmama. mama. baby mama.
Which is it?
I got a baby boy.
I don't want anything to happen to him.
Listen.
That cop you spoke to. his name is Stiles.
He don't care about your baby boy.
If he did.
he wouldn't have put you in this position.
Stiles fucked you.
You tell me what you told Stiles.
and I'll see what I can do. I promise.
I'll protect your baby boy.
[whimpers nervously]
TyTy.
Tell me what you told Stiles about Deon.
Do it for your son.
I told him Deon bet on the Clippers.
He wanted to know when he bet.
I told him after Halloween and a week ago.
That's all I told him. On my son!
That's too much.
[Coltrane exhales]
[TyTy] Hold up.
You already know what they gonna do to me
once you leave.
I don't want that.
I don't wanna die like that.
[tense music intensifies]
[music fades]
-How's Nightmare doing these days?
-[Stiles] I don't wanna talk about him.
-Who's Nightmare?
-Amos.
Your dad? The one I just met at dinner.
-Does that make you Little Nightmare?
-It would.
Good nickname for a cop. [laughs]
It's my older brother Josiah's nickname.
He's dead.
Darren Stroman. goes by Stro.
He ran with Tobias Lamont.
Stro and Tobias got into a lot of shit.
Tobias has history
of armed robbery. assault.
Got into a few scraps up in Lancaster.
A real brawler.
Based on what Captain Sealey told me.
I think that's your man.
No. No. this guy doesn't fit the profile.
Stro and my perp. they're soldiers. man.
I need a general.
Someone methodical.
flying beneath the radar.
Well. these are all the men who Stroman
associated with when he was inside.
[ominous music playing]
What can you tell me about him?
[Knight] That one went in for robbery
and kept to himself.
Quiet. Lead-by-example type.
Mostly played chess at the prison library.
Rumor has it he took care of
some bad sons of bitches on the inside.
[TyTy] Just do it.
[breathing shakily] Come on. man.
[Knight] Never had proof.
-You ask me. he was doing us a favor.
-[gun cocks]
["Edge" playing]
Coltrane Wilder.
[gunshot]
["Edge" continues]
[music fades]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today